hi everyone its Alan here today I'm
going to show you how to make this
delicious looking bowl of wonton noodle
soup this is obviously a Chinese dish
but it's were brought to Vietnam a long
time ago by the Chinese and the
Vietnamese have taken over the recipe
and customized it to our way by adding
fish sauce and some other seasonings and
then now we're gonna have this bowl
wonton noodle soup is called me hunt and
in Vietnamese I can't wait to share with
you the recipe but before that let me
bring you to visit an egg to the home
factory to see how the noodles that we
are using today as well as the won ton
wrappers are actually made the egg
noodle making process is quite
interesting there's actually just four
ingredients which are flour eggs water
and salts they are mixed together in a
large bowl until the dough is formed
when they make it in larger volume of
course they will need a machine to do
the mixing and kneading job after that
they let the doll run through another
machine about four to five times to
flatten the dough into thin sheets more
flour is added to cover the surface of
each sheet to make sure that is not
sticky when the flour sheet is flat
enough they will let it run through a
cutting machine to cut it into the
noodles then the noodles are rolled into
serving sides bundles to make the wonton
wrapper they roll the dough until I
really paper-thin and
and cut into square pieces that's really
interesting right now let buy some egg
noodles and wonton wrapper home to cook
a delicious bowl of wonton noodle soup
today let's begin recipe to make the
fillings for huntin you gonna need jumbo
50 gram of minced pork hundred 50 gram
of minced shrimp garlic shallot and
ginger about 1 teaspoon amount and then
we're gonna put this into a full
professor to blend we're going to plan
the garlic shallots and ginger first
come the meat and the prawns
now into the blend you also want to add
about a tablespoon of tapioca starch or
corn starch or potato starch so it can
bite all the ingredients together a
tablespoon of vegetable oil a tablespoon
of oyster sauce if you have this is
optional and a tablespoon of fish sauce
of course some freshly cracked pepper
and now you're going to set this into a
paste
you don't need to plan it to find just
roughly like this is okay
okay this is our delicious filling paste
okay to make chess you I have another
video to show you how to make from
scratch so you can follow the link that
I put below for that chassis oh video
today I'm going to use the shortcut by
just using the prepackaged like this and
it's a rose red pot seasoning mix each
package will come with two small packets
we're gonna test you one of them and
then mixed with 120 ml of water and then
we're going to marinate about the
kilogram of pork you can use pork
shoulders so it has a little bit of fat
in it so it's more choices and then
we're going to leave the marinade for
about one to two hours for the vegetable
to cook the soup you got to need one
large daikon raddish pew and then we're
going to cut in two rounds for the
vegetables you're going to need some bok
choy some Chinese celery some bean
sprouts garlic chives and onion okay
soak the shiitake mushrooms in hot water
to soften now to cook the broth for the
soup you're going to add the bones into
a pot of boiling water together with
some salt and a dash of vinegar bring it
to a full boil until you see the
impurities right at the top you want to
boy for about five minutes and then
we're going to dump out the whole pot
and wash the bowl and screen
after boiling and washing the bones I
have returned it into a clean pot feel
to it about four liters of water now I'm
going to add a teaspoon of salt one key
onions cut in half and all the ready and
the daikon radish which I have cut into
rounds the radish gonna make the broth
really sweet has a natural sweetness
also add the dried shrimp and shiitake
mushrooms into the support
okay you need to prepare a stack of the
wonton wrapper you can buy this frozen
aeration store for this recipe you will
need about 50 to 60 wrappers like this
there's a zillion way to actually wrap
one time I just show you a few ways
okay now scoop half a teaspoon of the
Shrimant pop paste and put into the
center and then we fold it into a
triangle pinching the FG together and
take a bit of egg white and put here you
can use water is Phi 2 and wrap it up so
pretty second method very easy fall into
a triangle and then also same thing
so you have similar one but not the same
third way pinching the opposite edges
together
for the marinated chassis oh you can
cook on the stove or roast in the oven
at 200 degrees Celsius for about 30 to
45 minutes until cooked and then let
cool and cut into slices instead the
water is boiling rapidly you're going to
add one bundle of the egg noodles and
loosen it out and then submerge into the
boiling water you want to cook about
three to five minutes depending on how
thick or how soft you want your noodle
to be then transfer to a serving bowl
and toss with some sesame oil so the
noodles won't stick to each other and
also to give it a nice fragrance quickly
blanch the bean sprouts and the bok choy
and cook their one-time dumplings until
they float to the surface take them out
and place on top of the noodles together
with the just used slices also add the
garlic chives and then later the hot
soup over
top with a piece of crispy fry one hand
and some Chinese salaries and chopped
green onions he can't wait to dig in the
bowl of noodles you have a really
succulent one hand which is boys and
also a fried version of it which is give
it a really nice contrast of texture now
I'm going to give this the soup a try
with some noodles and chive and
delicious just you mmm the one hand is
really succulent with the mainstream and
pork in the center and the noodle soup
is very flavorful with the fresh rim and
the shiitake mushrooms the daikon is so
sweet and delicious mmm I hope you can I
give this recipe a try and if you do
please post a photo of your delicious
Meehan tan on Instagram Twitter or
Facebook with a hashtag head and recipes
so I can enjoy them with my eyes and
share it with everybody else here thank
you for watching bye